the Logitech G 911 truly care about
competing against other wireless mice
and chooses to pick a fight with the big
boys the wired mice it might even get a
little offended if you say for a
wireless mouse when describing it so how
does it fare stay tuned to find out
Tunnel bear is the easy to use VPN
service that lets you use the web as if
you're in 20 different countries learn
more and try to bear for free at the
link in the video description let's
start with the sensor the G 900 features
the picsArt pmw 3366
this is a big deal even the sticklers
over on the esteemed overclock net forum
voted in this poll that they would
mostly prefer the 33 66 even beating out
the 33 10 Edsel Yago our resident
counter-strike guys stated that the 33
66 felt true not affected in any way by
the wireless and when he took flick
shots he didn't feel like he was aiming
over or under that's a good thing
something to worry about when making a
wireless mouse is the amount of power
that you can deliver to the sensor from
the battery this power must be split
also to things like the wireless
transmitter which you don't normally
have to power not enough power to the
sensor poor performance not enough power
to the wireless transmitter poor
performance just in a different way with
input lag and whatnot this as far as
I've been told is because the 33 66 was
designed from the ground up as a
wireless sensor and has just been fully
realized now that doesn't mean that it's
worse for Wired in any way at all that
is not what I'm saying
it just means that it's great for both
and not limited to one speaking of the
wireless transmitter the highly
optimized 2.4 gigahertz connection in
tandem with some design decisions in
terms of where the transmitter is
located where the battery is located in
relation to where the transmitter is
located and the various materials used
throughout the shell and other
components through throughout the entire
build result in a very fast and
supremely stable connection if you don't
believe me that's actually a good thing
doubt all claims but coming soon we have
a
tour of their design facility where they
helped me benchmark the wireless
transmitter against other competing
wireless mice using their advanced
equipment it's pretty cool for now their
results will be on screen and you'll
just have to deal with that let's move
on to the click the left and right mouse
buttons are based on a mechanical pivot
design and also feature a spring tension
system that ensure that you don't have
to bend any plastic in order to just
press the button which you shouldn't
have to do and they also ensure that the
response of the button returning home is
quite fast
the included Omron switches are also
raised off of the main PCB onto their
own and put at a slight angle so the
button is pressing directly onto the
switch and doesn't have to go through
any other processes in order to actually
press the switch there are some
complaints here mainly from EDS all the
buttons do have a quite noticeable
horizontal shift and lift slightly if
you pull up from under them I didn't
notice the latter of these issues but
Ed's will did because of the way that he
holds his mouse his fingers actually
reach slightly over the buttons and he
uses the ledge there in order to
actually lift the mouse a fairly
interesting way of holding it so take
that as you will for me I clawed which
is fairly standard and I can feel the
horizontal shift every single time I
move it left to right not great but I do
like the clicks overall and they feel
satisfying and responsive physically
it's designed in a way that it looks
sufficiently different and futuristic to
represent its design mentality but also
holds enough of its Logitech
characteristics that you'd probably be
able to identify it as a Logitech mouse
even if it was completely d badged it's
weight is pretty damn good at 107 grams
compared to the SteelSeries rival at 128
grams and the G 303 at 87 that's
comparing it to wired mice for a cable
it has a micro USB connection and an
included six foot braided USB cable that
feels quite nice for when you need it to
charge the mouse and maybe even play
with at the same time or to extend the
receiver closer to your mouse using the
small included adapter the mouse is
ambidextrous with swappable magnetic
forward and back buttons and symmetrical
design it features a hyper fast scroll
wheel but with a little bit of
wait shed by using a spoked design
instead of a solid design this further
contributes to the lightweight overall
construction of the mouse the scroll
wheel also features tilt inputs and is
able to be switched between click
scrolling and free scrolling with the
button featured right behind it behind
that button are dpi up and down buttons
and indicator LEDs to keep you from
guessing the bottom of the most features
six individual feet placements and an
on/off switch and another button that is
used to switch between onboard memory
profiles which brings us conveniently to
the Logitech Gaming software the
software allows you to configure onboard
memory profiles which are helpful if you
use computers that are not your own
profile configurations to bind various
buttons to various things configure your
dpi set your report rate and tell the
mouse what forward and back button
configuration you currently have due to
the magnet setup then you have lighting
control where you can set lighting modes
based on profiles which features solid
color color cycling and breathing modes
for all the various RGB colors that you
could want then you come to the battery
settings which are my favorite
personally it can tell you approximately
how much gaming time you have left and
can change that estimation based on your
lighting preferences this resulted in me
quickly turning off all of the lights
that were on the mouse and going for
maximum possible time but I'm not really
the target audience for RGB anyways so
oh well also a estimate that they have
is 32 hours of usable Mouse currently
moving time per full charge which is
pretty sweet after that you have surface
tuning for the various most pad types
that you may be using a key press map
which is probably a lot more applicable
on a keyboard that a mouse but is cool
nonetheless when all is said and done I
can confidently say that this is the
best wireless mouse that I have ever
personally used and that's kind of
saying a lot because I used to be a
constant user of the Logitech g7 the one
that had like those swappable battery
packs which I still actually kind of
missed because then you literally never
have to have it plugged in but I
understand that would add weight
constraints and people want lighter mice
whatever don't worry about it I ditched
that mouse which was my favorite because
of wanting to be a better gamer
there was too much input lag and all
this kind of crap so I went for a wired
mouse but I have always missed the
freedom what I appreciate about this
mouse is that it's wireless transmitter
delay is very low it's extremely fast
Mouse even beating out some wired mice
in terms of input which you can see in
the video that's coming soon when I
benchmark it using their specialized
equipment the click input time is super
fast the sensor is great it's it's I
don't know I like it a lot
mass drop is starting April strong with
their best of mass drop sale if you
don't know who or what mass drop is it's
actually relatively simple mass drop is
a group by system so essentially how
that works is they set a different tiers
of pricing and depending on how many
people buy something or agree to buy
something at a certain time that price
will go down to a maximum level which is
kind of Awesome it's the group by model
but in a much easier package by mass
drop the sale features many products
including their Royal glam 60% wood
keyboard keyboard case in their mech
Keys section for $89.99 or essentially
10% off they also have custom art master
off exclusive a ixx CI EMS and their
audiophile community for 5 9999 or 25%
off along with a chi tommcatt analog
drum machine in their pro audio
community for 170 $9.99 or 45 percent
off all best of mass drop items are
marked with a little best of mass drop
badge so you can find them very easily
so check them out in the link in the
video description down below which is
draw dots /l CT - best of em d so
yeah check it out let me know what you
think in the comments down below also if
you liked the video like it if you
dislike the video dislike it if you're
like wireless mice suck anyways even
though you have evidence coming in a
video soon that it's pretty dope that's
fine you can do that subscribe if you
liked the channel you want to see more
stuff don't forget to use our amazon
affiliate code if you buy things like
this mouse or a competing wired mouse
because you still want that you want to
have like cable ties
bungees and whatnot anyways don't forget
to become a contributor on the forum or
even just a member on the forum buy a
t-shirt which is more interesting than
this one because I was just filming a
fast as possible episode and have a good
day
also if you want to see another video
click up here to watch ed Zola's final
Mouse review because that's very
applicable if you're looking for
competing mice